script-src-elem also accepts 'inline-speculation-rules' (#223)
WICG/nav-speculation: triggers.md

> Speculation rules can be embedded inline within a `script` tag with `type="speculationrules"`, and restricted by the `script-src` CSP directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Speculation rules can be embedded inline within a `script` tag with `type="speculationrules"`, and restricted by the `script-src` and `script-src-elem` CSP directives.
```

Author: Done

To allow inline speculation rules, use either the `'inline-speculation-rules'` or `'unsafe-inline'` keyword.
Using `script-src 'inline-speculation-rules'` helps developers to permit inline speculation rules but still disallow unsafe inline JavaScript.

> Also `script-src-elem` can accept `'inline-speculation-rules'` to permit inline speculation rules as well.

Reviewer: nit: I think I'd mildly prefer fitting this mention inline into the text above over adding a sentence that separately mentions it.

Author: Done
